# Package team meeting September 17th 2020

Attended by Jesper, Kevin, Lotte, Nik & Richard

## Future of packages in .NET Core

A few team members met with Filip, Bjarke and Shannon to discuss ideas, plans and procedures for handling the package system in the Netcore release. The current RFC will be closed and a new one started consolidating latest thoughts.

## Hacktoberfest

### Package workshop(s)

Progress is being made for the first 'getting started' one scheduled for Candid Contributions community Umbraco Hackathon on Oct 16/17.
Shall offer to do one on Friday evening and Saturday morning, and get people to sign up via a Zoom webinar link.

### Package contributions

Need to remind package maintainers about https://umbra.co/packtoberfest 

## Package.Templates

Draft PR for content app template needs review and discussion. Should get repo ready for contributions then start adding up-for-grabs issues like a property editor template.

## DuugFest

Package team CFP has been accepted for DuugFest on Oct 2nd! Richard has agreed to give the talk.