# Package team meeting September 10th 2020

Attended by Dave, Jesper, Kevin, Lotte, Nik & Richard

## Hacktoberfest

### Package workshop(s)

Work has begun on creating a "from scratch" package workshop that will explain the process of creating a package from scratch and publishing it on Our. There were some discussions about the length, content, how to do signups, who should run the workshop and whether we should do 1 or 2 times. More info will be announced soon.

We discussed how we can clean up draft packages on Our, need to either set up an online test version of Our and enable UmbPack to push to it, or allow people to delete draft packages on Our, or Jesper has to manually run through and delete them from Our afterwards.

We have agreed to "only" do one beginner workshop for Hacktoberfest this time around due to the prep time involved. But discussed other ways of sharing knowledge, blogposts, documentation, Youtube videos, more workshops. We all would like to cover more advanced topics.

### Package contributions

https://umbra.co/packtoberfest already has 7 OSS packages listed ðŸŽ‰. Should post reminders as Hacktoberfest approaches.

### Package.Templates Repo

Hacktoberfest is a good dealine for getting this repo in a better place for contributions (contributing guidelines and CoC to be added). Want to encourage people discuss contributions first, need to avoid the temptation of too much functionality going into a template.

## Applications for package team

Discussed the open applications and reapplications to the community teams, what they mean for the future of the team. 

## Future of packages in .NET Core

A few team members will be joining a meeting with Filip, Bjarke and Shannon from HQ next week to discuss our ideas, plans and procedures for handling the package system in the Netcore release, surely lots of exiting things will come from this!

## DuugFest

We discussed the possibility of doing a talk at DuugFest 2020 on Oct 2nd. A talk proposal has been submitted.
