# Package team meeting August 6th 2020

Attended by Jesper, Kevin, Lotte, Nik & Richard

## Rename package on Our

Due to a new [issue](https://github.com/umbraco/OurUmbraco/issues/605) we talked about the state of an [old PR](https://github.com/umbraco/OurUmbraco/pull/550) allowing package owners to rename their packages themselves.
It has an issue where renaming a package to an existing package will give it the name `existingName(1)` as the packages are content nodes on Our. We agreed since that is also the case when creating a new package with an existing name, this will atleast allow users to then edit the name again to something different.
We will merge it _soon_, and then create a new issue about adding some name validation for both package creation and updates that checks existing packages (they have their own index so should be fairly quick).

## Package templates project

Talked status on the [package templates project](https://github.com/umbraco/Package.Templates). Has been published on NuGet, Richard will add some documentation on how to use it, and Lotte will add a content app example + start tweeting and creating awareness of it.

## Hacktoberfest

### Package workshop(s)

We talked about ideas for a package workshop we could host during a Hacktoberfest "Packathon". We discussed that maybe it should be 2 workshops - a beginners and an advanced version. We decided to gather ideas from the community via Twitter for the content of these workshops, and will in the coming weeks create outlines of the workshops on this repo.
The package workshops should include best practises and also make use of the package templates and UmbPack.

### Packathon

We talked about doing a packathon in early October arround packages. No specifics for now, will reconvene in 2 weeks after Jesper has a chance to talk to the other community teams about their plans.

## Add multiple package authors

We talked about the possibility of adding multiple authors to packages, would require changes in the package generation and install system in Core. Will postpone for v9 where we probably need large changes anyways.




