# Package team meeting 22nd July 2021

Attendees: Andy, Dave, David, Kevin, Lotte & Nik

Notetaker: Lotte

## Agenda

- Status on Packages on v9
- Status on [Umbpack](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbPack)
- Status on [Package Templates](https://github.com/umbraco/Package.Templates)
- Status on [Umbraco.Packages](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages) issues
- Status on [UI Examples](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples)
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Status on Packages on v9

Packages are starting to released on v9. Will need think about the discoverability, filtering, indexing and reporting of version 'range' for v9 packages on Our. Nuget name changes not obvious how to support either. Needs a thorough review!

Also discussed the idea of running a (some?) learnathon / workshop / guidance session on porting packages from v8 to v9.

## Status on Umbpack

Is it needed long-term, if v9 stays nuget only? Agreed to wait and see, for now.

## Status on Package Templates

Could look at porting useful stuff to core templates, if useful. Perhaps split off. To be reviewed.

## Status on Umbraco.Packages issues

Nothing discussed.

## Status on UI Examples

The App_Plugins part of this package is already v9 compatible. There is some C# for allowing the Admin group access to the new section automatically. This would need updating to work in v9. And of course there is the the package release process.

In the spirit of 'working in public' agreed that we should give this a go as a group activity, and invite the community to join if interested. Can record the session to perhaps release on Community YouTube and/or consolidate into a blog post.

Agreed that this would be attempted in the next package team meeting on August 5th.

## Any other business

### Package Awards Community Hours

This was hosted by Lotte, Richard and David, with two award winning special guests: Lee Kelleher and Sam Mullins: it went well! You can judge for yourself as the video is available on the [Community YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNlT8HVB5TQ&t=91s). 

### Hacktoberfest

Will need to start thinking about package involvement in this year's Umbraco Hacktoberfest.

2020, the first year that package contributions were included, worked well. Encouraged package maintainers to get their repositories organised and labelled. And gave people more options about things they could contribute to.

We used the short link https://umbra.co/packtoberfest to point to 
https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages/tree/main/Hacktoberfest2020. So would need something similar for 2021. 

Initial thoughts is that it would be restricted to v9 packages only. TBC

### Next meeting

Next meeting is on August 5th. As already discussed above, this will be a special 'open' meeting to attempt v9 UI Examples!

## Tasks for next time

Be ready for the UI Examples-v9 'mob' programming session ðŸ˜‰

Lotte will contact HQ about using the Umbraco Community Zoom account for next meeting

Once got Zoom link, tweet for people to contact us (twitter DM / Slack) for the zoom link to join