# Package team meeting 4th March 2021

Attendees: Bjarke, David, Kevin, Lotte, Nik & Richard

Notetaker: David

## Agenda

- Status on Umbpack
- Status on Package Templates
- Status on Umbraco.Packages issues
- Status on UI Examples
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Status on Umbpack
- None


## Status on Package Templates
- None


## Status on Umbraco.Packages issues
- None


## Status on UI Examples
- Pipeline stuff was merged.
- Dialog examples are merged.
- Pipeline needs finishing touches so new versions can be published


## Any other business
Bjarke as guest speaker to discuss packages on the vnext version.
Discussing alpha 4 as a starting point for package developers.
HQ will start with the documentation as soon as the HQ packages are getting converted 
Disucssion how we could "rally the folks" to start migrating packages.
 - This would help finding issues
 - ginding important spots where documentation is vital
Maybe package team will try to convert some popular packages to vnext to show how it is done?

Next meeting is on 18th March 2021.

## Tasks for next time

For next time we aim to have made progress on:

* Dave
* David
* Kevin 
* Lotte
 - will do a shoutout on twitter after alpha 4 is announced to gather package devs for transition
 - will ask Seb to enable all bits for the pipeline on UI-Example repo
* Nik
* Richard 
 - ask(ed) Ilham on Slack if there are any news regarding event at codegarden
 - will create a google doc for gathering bullet points for the blog post