
# Package team meeting 18th October, 2021

Attendees: Kevin, Richard and Andy

Notetaker: Andy

## Agenda

- Status on Packages on v9
- Status on [Umbpack](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbPack)
- Status on [Package Templates](https://github.com/umbraco/Package.Templates)
- Status on [Umbraco.Packages](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages) issues
- Status on [UI Examples](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples)
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Status on Packages on v9

Discussed as useful page of documentation to be created, that of "conventions" or "best practices" for Umbraco package development on V9.  Including things like license locations, conventions for folders and other settings.

A GitHub discussion has been started on the topic, found [here](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages/discussions/132).

## Status on Umbpack

Not discussed.

## Status on Package Templates

Not discussed.

## Status on Umbraco.Packages issues

Not discussed.

## Status on UI Examples

Agreed need to set up release pipeline for UI Examples for V8 and V9, using Umbraco's AzureDevOps account to best align with other Umbraco releases.

## Hacktoberfest

Discussed attendance at the Hacktoberfest Hackathon, and that some package team members will attend but there won't be a formal package workshop this year due to the effort involved and time availability.

## Any other business

Discussed that whilst longer term plans for how package information is stored and managed are brewing, there's still smaller improvements on our that would be valuable.
  
Next meeting is on 1st November.

## Tasks for next time

Andy:
 - Setup release pipeline for UI examples (caveat: may not be for next time)

Kevin:
 - Consider a first draft of the conventions page from the discussions for sharing and collaboration.
