# Package team meeting November 1st 2021

Attendees: David, Kevin, Lotte, Nik & Richard

## UI Examples

Reviewed the pull requests submitted during the Hacktoberfest Hackathon: now all merged and flagged as `hacktoberfest-accepted`.

Lotte will enhance the contribution page following feedback from first time contributors at the hackathon.

## Hacktoberfest

14 packages were added to the Hacktoberfest packages list. 

Looks like 11 out of 14 had Hacktoberfest-eligible pull requests ðŸŽ‰.

## Packages on Our

Discussed the idea of starting to scope a spin-off packages site to take them out of Our (improve search/discoverability, the package creation process etc). Obviously would need to hear HQ's thoughts on this, but it would be a significant project for the team to get behind.

Also discussed having a hacking session to do some simpler improvements to Our. Perhaps we could convince Seb to be available as would most likely need some scheduled changes to the live Our site to be made.

## Any other business

Next meeting is on 15th November.