
# Package team meeting 18th Feb 2021

Attendees: 
	Jesper, Kevin, Lottie, Nik, Andy, David

Notetaker:  Kevin

Agenda
 - Status on Umbpack
 - Status on Package Templates
 - Status on UI Examples
 - Status on Our
 - Any other business

## Status on Umbpack
 - Outstanding PR (by jesper)- requires update to our (we need to confirm how/when this will be done).
 - guide/readme needs to be updated to say how to work with umbpack against local (running e.g debug/localhost)

## Status on Package Templates
 - Remove ExamplesUI templates. (Kevin)
 - There might be some possible streamlining of template commands. (Lottie)

## Status on Umbraco.Packages issues
 
## Status on UI Examples
 - We have a number of bits that could be updated
    - overlay examples.
    - inifiete editor
- we need to update the issues on the repo to make it easier for people to see how they can help
    - Move any examplesUI issues, to ther other repo. (Kevin)
- the repo need making public, and deployable
    - Merge both PR (Kevin)
    - request to make repo public (Jesper/Andy)
    - new API key so we can deploy. (Jesper/Andy)
 
## Any other business
 - Tagging package project to be commenced (Lottie)
 
Next meeting is on [04-03-2021].

## Tasks for next time

For next time we aim to have made progress on:

* Dave
* David
* Jesper / Andy
  - Request someone in Umbraco Make UI Examples Repo Public
  - Get a new API key for depoyment for examples package
* Kevin  
  - Remove examplesUI from template repo
  - Move examplesUI Issues to correct repo
  - Merge UI Examples PRs
* Lotte  
  - Work on Our DB - Importing Packages for localdev.
* Nik
* Richard  
  - More investigation into the outstanding PRs in UmbPack
