# Package team meeting [DATE]

Attendees: Andy, David, Kevin, Lotte & Richard

Notetaker: Richard

## Agenda

- Status on Packages on v9
- Status on [Umbpack](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbPack)
- Status on [Package Templates](https://github.com/umbraco/Package.Templates)
- Status on [Umbraco.Packages](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages) issues
- Status on [UI Examples](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples)
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Status on Packages on v9
Andy's been working hard on his blog for more package conversions.

Check out the QA for the Core team - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeZ_o7ZrAzEJILIKQR16KeS0Ii9c-cr4EBTQifM0emJ7BKBAQ/viewform


## Status on Umbpack
No movement on the current PR / issues there.


## Status on Package Templates
Bjarke has been working on templates within v9. Need to take this in consideration when looking at the future of the templates. Can/Do we pull everything into one central place?


## Status on Umbraco.Packages issues
No movement.


## Status on UI Examples
David has agreed to take ownership of this repo from within the team and has done some recent work on the repo for headers/footers. This is checked and good to merge.

There's also activity in the issues to check out.


## Any other business
Stale bot has closed a load of issues on Our relating to packages; some of these still contain useful information/requests.

Awards on track with the timeline. Comms are out and submissions have started coming in. There's a few things to check with HQ - Andy is on the case! 

Next meeting is on 15/4/21.

## Tasks for next time

For next time we aim to have made progress on:

* Andy - discuss internally with HQ regarding panel members and package award prizes
* Dave - N/A
* David - Merge the PR within UI Examples
* Kevin - Check out Bjarke's template and how we combine it with ours
* Lotte - Investigate the closed issues on our and formulate a list of ones to open/discuss
* Nik - N/A
* Richard - Look at UmbPack PRs
