# Package team meeting April 15th 2021

Attendees: Kevin, David, Richard. Nic, Lotte, Dave & Andy

Notetaker: Andy

## Agenda

- Status on Package Awards
- Status on Packages on v9
- Status on [Umbpack](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbPack)
- Status on [Package Templates](https://github.com/umbraco/Package.Templates)
- Status on [Umbraco.Packages](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages) issues
- Status on [UI Examples](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples)
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Status on Package Awards
Discussed and agreed categories for awards.
Confirmed Warren from HQ, Richard and David from package team to make up the judging panel, with two more community members sought.
Decided to open nominations for 1 further day due to last minute interest.
Agreed after the event to share anonymous complimentary comments to package authors from award nominations.

## Status on Packages on v9
Discussion on package migration efforts and availability of issue tracker and forum for any problems found.  

## Status on Umbpack
No movement.

## Status on Package Templates
Agreed plan to combibe templates within core once V9 is further along.  Ideally though would want to continue to be able to release "out of band" from Core CMS.

## Status on Umbraco.Packages issues
No movement. Agreed dependabot warnings are not of concern.

## Status on UI Examples
David has found an issue on current `master` branch that he needs some assistance with.

## Any other business
Next meeting is on 29/4/21.

## Tasks for next time

For next time we aim to have made progress on:

* Andy - confirm category/prizes
* Lotte - consider and reach out to 2x community members for awards judging
* Nic - to prepare spreadsheet of awards entries for categorisation by the team
* Kevin/David - resolve issue with UI examples
* Kevin - close the awards entry form
