# Package team meeting March 23rd, 2022
Attendees: David, Dave, Kevin, Nik, Richard, Ronald

Notetaker: Richard

## Agenda
- Status on packages ecosystem
- Status on [UmbPack](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbPack)
- Status on [Package Templates](https://github.com/umbraco/Package.Templates)
- Status on [Umbraco.Packages](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Packages) issues
- Status on [UI Examples](https://github.com/umbraco/UI-Examples)
- Any other business
- Tasks for next time

## Status on packages ecosystem
No comment.

## Status on UmbPack
No comment.

## Status on Package Templates
There are a couple of PRs awaiting review, to do with location of templates.

## Status on Umbraco.Packages issues
No comment.

## Status on UI Examples
No comment.

## Any other business
Next meeting is on April 6th, 2022.

Lotte shared notes on last year's process for discussion (thanks Lotte!). Everyone happy with the current formula. Discussions around eligibility criteria were had, v9 is preferred, but may have a v8 category.

Best practise guide reviewed from Kevin's PR. Needs reviewed and pushed into the documentation repo. Also noted that some package documentation is out of date when discussing using UmbPack to publish.

## Tasks for next time
For next time we aim to have made progress on:

- Dave
- David
- Kevin
- Lotte
- Nik
- Richard
  - First draft of blog post
- Ronald
  - Get more information around plans for the package awards at CG22
  - Check over PR for Umbraco Templates
